Encrypted toolkit backups and recovery

Choose an existing NAS or mounted folder in Backups. Select the encrypted restic
engine and full toolkit scope. Download/extract restic, then set up and unlock
the Private vault. Save the recovery key in a separate password manager or other
approved permanent storage. Never keep the only recovery key on this SSD.

Keep automatic backup disabled until a manual backup and restore test succeed.
Automatic backup runs while the launcher is open and the vault is unlocked.
When the destination is unavailable it retries later; it does not fall back to
a plaintext ZIP. Keep-all is the default retention policy. Choosing a retention
limit deletes older snapshots after a successful backup and repository check.
Retention is applied per restic host/path group, not across unrelated machines.

The destination contains restic-repository and toolkit-backup-key.json. Keep BOTH.
The JSON contains wrapped encryption keys, never the unwrapped backup password.
Restic encrypts backup data and filenames. Repository checks validate metadata;
the restore operation also verifies restored file contents. Test restoration
periodically and retain another independent copy of important data.

If the original SSD is lost:
1. Download a fresh toolkit, install Python and cryptography, and obtain restic
   from its official publisher. Put restic on PATH or in the toolkit's restic folder.
2. Open a terminal in the MASTER-IT-TOOLKIT folder. Run:
   python 60_SCRIPTS/Backup/encrypted_backup.py "ABSOLUTE_BACKUP_FOLDER" --recovery-key
   Enter the saved recovery key at the hidden local prompt. Omit --recovery-key
   to use the original vault passphrase instead. This lists snapshot IDs.
3. Create an empty recovery folder outside the toolkit and backup destination:
   python 60_SCRIPTS/Backup/encrypted_backup.py "ABSOLUTE_BACKUP_FOLDER" --recovery-key --snapshot SNAPSHOT_ID --restore-to "ABSOLUTE_EMPTY_FOLDER"
4. The restored toolkit folder and launcher appear beneath the target.
   Unlock its vault and check notes, tools and workflows
   before using it. The original NAS backup remains untouched.

Do not place passphrases or recovery keys in command arguments, source control,
logs or chat. Restic receives the unwrapped key through its process environment
for the duration of the operation; administrators on the current machine can
still access running-process memory. Work only on machines you trust.

Local vault encryption covers the SQLite workspace. Existing diagnostic exports,
browser profiles and standalone report files are not automatically encrypted by
that vault. Encrypted backups protect their backed-up copies, not the originals.
Use toolkit notes temporarily; export important records to approved storage.

Official reference: https://restic.readthedocs.io/en/stable/manual_rest.html
