MASTER IT TOOLKIT
Offline PC Rescue & Field Service Toolkit

1. Open index.html in Edge, Chrome or Firefox. No server or internet is needed
   for the dashboard. Software downloads and certain tools need internet.
2. This package contains the dashboard, catalog, scripts and references.
   It DOES NOT include tool binaries, ISOs, drivers or commercial licenses.
3. To prepare the SSD, back up existing data, then install Ventoy using its
   official installer. INITIAL VENTOY INSTALLATION ERASES THE SELECTED DRIVE.
   Verify the correct Gigastone SSD by model and capacity before proceeding.
4. Copy this project's contents to the Ventoy DATA partition root, so that
   index.html is at X:\index.html. Do not copy to the small EFI partition.
5. Open Missing Downloads. Start with P1 boot tools, offline network drivers
   and portable diagnostics. Download from the official links; extract
   portable archives into the destinations shown. Do not rename an installer
   to masquerade as a portable executable.
6. Open PowerShell in the toolkit root and review/run:
   .\60_SCRIPTS\Inventory\Update-ToolkitInventory.ps1
   Then reload index.html. PowerShell is for maintenance only, not browsing.
7. Keep at least 20-30 GB free. Store customer recovery output on separate
   healthy media, never on the damaged source.
8. Read README.txt for licensing, inventory limitations, updates and backups.

Favorites, checklists and notes are saved in this browser on this PC, not
automatically on the SSD. Use Settings > Export workspace backup to move them.
Never record customer passwords, recovery codes or authentication secrets.

AUTHORIZED SYSTEMS ONLY. No authentication or BitLocker bypass is included.
No unattended remote access is automatically configured.

LOCAL LAUNCHER
For executable buttons, downloads and reviewed workflows, open the standalone
Master-IT-Toolkit.exe next to the MASTER-IT-TOOLKIT folder. Source ZIP users can
run Start-Toolkit.cmd with Python installed. Restart the launcher after updates.
Use Run portable for scanned portable Windows programs. Start workflow supports
manual or automatic launches with review checkpoints. Use Stop workflow to stop
future launches; it leaves open apps running. Export the record before closing
the launcher. See README.txt for migration guidance and platform limitations.

DATA HANDLING — TEMPORARY WORKSPACE ONLY
Do not store sensitive or long-term notes/data in this toolkit. Never enter
passwords, recovery codes, authentication secrets or confidential customer data.
After each job, export or copy required notes, checklist results and reports to
your approved permanent storage. Verify that copy before clearing temporary
records. Backups may retain older copies; clearing live notes does not erase
those backups. Encryption, when available, does not make the toolkit a suitable
long-term records system. Current workspace storage is not encrypted.
